README.md, before:

Trains Protocol : a uniform and totally-ordered broadcast protocol
==================================================================

Trains protocol is a uniform and totally-ordered broadcast protocol [[Défago et al., 2004]](#bibliography).

It is designed to be a throughput-efficient protocol, especially for short messages (100 bytes or lower) [[Simatic, 2012]](#bibliography).

Compilation of Trains protocol middleware
-----------------------------------------
`make` (with no target) generates the library, the unit and integration tests, 

`make doc`              generates the doxygen documentation.

There is no installation target.

Generating an application using Trains protocol
-----------------------------------------------
`tests/integration/basic` contains a basic integration test which shows the APIs which can be used.

To compile, you should add `-Iinclude` (where `include` is the path to `include` directory of this TrainsProtocol GIT project) to your compilation instruction

To link, you should add `-Lsrc -ltrains -pthread` (where `src` is the path to `src` directory of this TrainsProtocol GIT project) to your link instruction

Running an application using Trains protocol
-----------------------------------------------
In the directory where you will launch your application, create a file called addr_file which describes the participants processes. Each line should follow the rank:hostname:port rule syntax.
- rank : the rank the protocol participant process will have in your application (between 0 and 15)
- hostname : the name of a host (may be localhost) on which you will run your application
- port : the port which shall be used by your application

See `tests/integration/basic/addr_file` for an example

`export TRAINS_PORT=port` to be used by application

Known issues
------------
See "Known issues" section in the [RELEASE-NOTES](doc/RELEASE-NOTES.txt)

Bibliography
------------

[[Défago et al., 2004]](#trains-protocol--a-uniform-and-totally-ordered-broadcast-protocol) Défago, X., Schiper, A. et Urbán, P. (2004). Total order broadcast and multicast algorithms : Taxonomy and survey. ACM Comput. Surv., 36:372?421.

[[Simatic, 2012]](#trains-protocol--a-uniform-and-totally-ordered-broadcast-protocol) M. Simatic. Communication et partage de données dans les systèmes répartis (Data communication and data sharing in distributed system, in French). PhD thesis, École Doctorale ÉDITE, October 2012 (available at http://www-public.it-sudparis.eu/~simatic/Recherche/Publications/theseSimatic.pdf).

Commit message:

References to Uniform Total-Order (uto) are renamed into Ordered (o)
- API evolves (e.g. function utoBroadcast is renamed into oBroadcast)
- Documentation evolves

README.md, after:

Trains Protocol : a uniform and totally-ordered broadcast algorithm
===================================================================

Trains protocol is historically a uniform and totally-ordered broadcast algorithm [[Défago et al., 2004]](#bibliography). It can also ensure plain total order, or causal order.

It is designed to be a throughput-efficient algorithm, especially for short messages (100 bytes or lower) [[Simatic, 2012]](#bibliography).

Compilation of Trains middleware
--------------------------------
`make all` (with no target) generates the library, the unit and integration tests, 

`make doc`              generates the doxygen documentation.

There is no installation target.

Generating an application using Trains middleware
-------------------------------------------------
`tests/integration/basic` contains a basic integration test which shows the APIs which can be used.

To compile, you should add `-Iinclude` (where `include` is the path to `include` directory of this TrainsProtocol GIT project) to your compilation instruction

To link, you should add `-Lsrc -ltrains -pthread` (where `src` is the path to `src` directory of this TrainsProtocol GIT project) to your link instruction

Running an application using Trains middleware
----------------------------------------------
In the directory where you will launch your application, create a file called addr_file which describes the participants processes. Each line should follow the rank:hostname:port rule syntax.
- rank : the rank the protocol participant process will have in your application (between 0 and 15)
- hostname : the name of a host (may be localhost) on which you will run your application
- port : the port which shall be used by your application

See `tests/integration/basic/addr_file` for an example

`export TRAINS_PORT=port` to be used by application

Known issues
------------
See "Known issues" section in the [RELEASE-NOTES](doc/RELEASE-NOTES.txt)

Bibliography
------------

[[Défago et al., 2004]](#trains-protocol--a-uniform-and-totally-ordered-broadcast-protocol) Défago, X., Schiper, A. et Urbán, P. (2004). Total order broadcast and multicast algorithms : Taxonomy and survey. ACM Comput. Surv., 36:372?421.

[[Simatic, 2012]](#trains-protocol--a-uniform-and-totally-ordered-broadcast-protocol) M. Simatic. Communication et partage de données dans les systèmes répartis (Data communication and data sharing in distributed system, in French). PhD thesis, École Doctorale ÉDITE, October 2012 (available at http://www-public.it-sudparis.eu/~simatic/Recherche/Publications/theseSimatic.pdf).
